before we begin let me stop by saying
this movie is not for the faint of heart
it's full of stuff to make a grown man
vomit like this
and this and this
and flat booty scares me
the stars of our movie today are
grant staton iii mrs reverend moe
a dollar star jim morrison who also
played jason in solar babies
dr melissa reeves who also played tara
in solar babies
ace from stand by me which also had
bobby from dream a little dream
which also had less from license to
drive which also had danger from dream a
little dream which also had dean from
license to drive and bill s
preston esquire from bill and ted which
also had keanu reeves
who ain't in this movie please
a story begins at this oceanside
carnival with these freak shows showing
up to steal your girl
and look some random cop done put the
donut down long enough to wave his big
stick around which compensates for his
certain
little tiny stick but david just looked
back at him like
imma come back later and whoop your ass
[ __ ] as you can see the donut dunk
about to star in his own movie
it's not called guess who's coming to
dinner in fact it's not a movie at all
it's a game show it's called guess who's
going to be dinner
your ex edition oh i see how it is
you're a big boy in public with your
little
tiny stick and now that the fangs are
out you cluck it like a chicken
but our story really begins with a
certain little tiny family
of three plus that doggie nook moving to
santa claus california
they daddy done up and run off they mama
lose it broke as [ __ ]
to add insult to injury she sings like
an american idol reject
and her two exceptionally handsome sons
are feeling a little understandably
uncomfortable at the idea of moving to a
town that's referred to
as the murder capital of the world that
reeks of decaying deceased
death and rotten death and to add more
injury to insult and injury mama lucy is
moving them all back in with her daddy
who gets his jolly plain deceased on the
front porch to welcome his guests
and stuffing cotton up dead gopher he
also occasionally partakes of a root
beer a mint cream oreo
and a little herbal supplement for his
cataracts personally i prefer double
stuffed
oreos not go for ass so michael that's
the one that sings does karaoke on two
dollar taco night at hernando's hacienda
it's true that santa claus the murder
capital of the world and he says
something reassuring like
well if all the corpses buried around
here was to stand up all at once
and assuming they could cut a rug we'd
have one hell of a thriller remake
okay if you ever want to get jeb shaking
his ass you just play this song
mama could you buy me one of them sexy
sex things for christmas
oh lord am i getting the hoodoo put on
him by some random jezebel
i mean she look like she got a little
baggage there with that kid she just
dragging along behind her
but michael don't seem to care she
thinking he might taste good all
rotisserie gold like them chickens at
the walmart deli
sprinkle a little rosemary on that [ __ ]
and have yourself a good indian girl
he ain't clocking but pretty soon they
might be
they're checking out the walmart though
it dry
meanwhile over here michael mama looking
for a job and while the store owner max
and his doggy throne are running these
hairband hoodlums out of his stove
mcstarts acting like he's on the
bachelor like lucy
would you accept this lollipop and she's
like thanks for the snack
and he's like well you looking a little
peaky and like you need some clothes
that ain't sold out of your tablecloth
lucy would you accept this job and she
does
now over here in horny town michael
ditching his little brother sam for that
sexy seductress
but sam's cool with it he just hits up
the comic workshop where he meets the
frog brothers
rambo lighting his brother edgar allan
poe or edgar and alan
ram poe something like that after
perusing the joint for a few minutes and
getting harassed for being a noob and
insulted for his poor choice in goodwill
attire
the frogs offer him a comic that's
basically called vampires don't [ __ ]
glitter
and in the meantime them folks from the
carousel scene at the beginning of the
movie loot the frogs
and the most shocking thing about this
scene is that by the looks of that large
comic book collection they got in that
ride
them folks been looting the frogs for
quite some time the next night michael
edited again
roaming around the amusement park buying
pleather a tie considering getting the
near
and from a guy to look like he give you
the hepatitis c none of which is going
to distract the women from the fact that
you wearing your mama's sneakers
and just as he's about to twinkle that
little star the bad mullet rides again
so they challenge michael to a dangerous
race but the interesting detail is
they could all go off the cliff and fly
right out of there while michael would
just sink to the bottom of the pacific
and turn fish food
and then michael almost died and then it
don't but just for that he clocks one
right across david's lip
who thanks him by welcoming him into the
batcave where they indulge him with
chinese
food disguised as maggots and worms and
making him drink david's blood
i'm not one to judge but if i had that
psychic ability i'd be doing the
opposite feeding folks i didn't like
megas and worms in front of like a
chinese cuisine
so after they suck a michael into
becoming a real sucker they have a
little hold down shindig hooting in it
which is pretty damn amazing for having
only like six people in the room
these days you could have a party of 50
people and they'd be bolder
texting folks sitting in a chair right
across the room playing candy crush and
reading stable genius tweets that say
brilliant deep state code words like
coffey fade
and hamburger then them crazy fools take
him to dangle off some railroad tracks
the positive scene that you don't see is
after everyone but michael let's go they
just flying around in that fog
laughing their ass off wondering how
long it's going to take for michael's
kung fu grip to give out
now michael back in bed and we don't
really know how to [ __ ] goddamn
he don't really know how to [ __ ] he got
that his mama don't really know how the
[ __ ] he got there
but his mama don't really give her all
she wanna do is badger her son to
babysit her baby son so she can go have
what she thinks is a normal dinner date
with her new man's max
but guess who else got a date sexy
grandpa
and as he leaves with a double stuffed
dog grandpa's
they don't call them old fight for
nothing and these two children can't
even have a quiet night at home alone
without some undead
weeds disturbing the evening michael
goes for a drink of milk around the
cotton
that's nasty but see he's hungry for
something else a little redder than milk
unfortunately the only person in his
house with something in his veins a
little red the milk
is his own damn brother mind his own
damn business in the bathtub singing
something terrible
because tone deafness apparently run all
through this family and just look at
michael
his mind's telling him no but his body
his body is telling him yeah
putting a nugget having none of this
probably afraid of grandpa find sam's
dead body he just stuff it and romance
some near dead widow with it instead of
wooing the women with pictures he'd be
like
want to see stuff dead bodies of my
grandkids then sam's like
[ __ ] i know what you are i can see
right through you so it caused the frogs
who say
unless you want to become a state you
got a good state and drive it right
through his cold
undead heart so mama calls home michael
goes to floating
mama starts screaming and sam promises
michael he won't be a little talented
[ __ ]
then mama comes home mad as hell that
she didn't get to enjoy her man
get it her man edward
her man and right there on the damn milk
cotton
is the boy oh damn son's woman just
dragging along behind her then michael
channels all his vampiric energy right
into death
and start like oh michael cluck like a
chicken
it turns me on and so y'all just gonna
do it right there in the middle of the
bat cave or
i mean michael love the other vampires
swoop up in there and people on you
steak and stuff
the next day mama lucy takes her man max
some wine to apologize for running off
in the middle of that dinding
but thorne is like bit you about to get
yourself a booty bite so now sam leaps
back over to the frogs where they
conclude max must be the head honcho
discovered out
and the next night michael invites max
in for den den grandpa creeps on the
scene
and sam and the frogs crash the party by
trying to choke max with excessive
amounts of garlic
causing his willie to draw up really
tiny seeing if they can get that
to glow in the dark and scaring him with
the side of his own sucking face
speaking of sucking face all michael
wants is another pounce
on that pooty and dave is like hmm maybe
i'll hook you up
but only if you go to this oh you can
eat beach party buffet
so they all vamp the [ __ ] out and you
know to this day
this is the only hall scene that makes
me a little unsettled it's not the fangs
of the blood
it's just a simple fact that you don't
have to enjoy yourself that much when
you're eating somebody's brains
and this right here the first time i've
ever seen folks eat barbecue
then cook it but michael successfully
resists the urge to partake in the
feeding frenzy
back at home michael flies into sam's
room and scares the [ __ ] out of him
then stop flies up and tells michael she
was supposed to eat him before he
ate her and that she loves him too much
to see him deceased
and then she's getting pretty damn
thirsty and he's gonna need something a
little stronger than t
to deal with this [ __ ] the next day
while grandpa's installing some quite
important and ominous looking fence
posts
sam michael and the frogs go cruising in
grandpa's pimp mobile turned matt mobile
to the bat cave
while michael rescues star in that kid
she just dragging along behind her
sam and the frogs go crawling through a
tunnel until they find this smelly hole
and apparently nothing wakes them up not
saying screaming
not talking of offering somebody not
crawling up a ladder
not well so much for that and after much
wailing and gnashing of teeth
marco literally drops dead well actually
he sort of
drops some flops and david is none too
happy about this
but they escaped somehow and then they
almost died and then they don't but that
one was almost completely their fault
good thing mama lucy won't be there
because she got herself a date with her
man
but guess who else got a date sexy
grandpa
well they don't but they make us think
he do and as he leaves with some quite
important and ominous looking fence
posts
grandpa's truck or ass or something
then they start prepping like it's
armageddon or the corona on the pile or
something
they lock up all the windows get the
fire stoking like grandpa on his herbal
remedy
stock up on garlic holy water and toilet
paper
probably after something scary with the
dog because the good guys always got to
make
hotter than has to be the one named
dwayne pops out of the fireplace like
some demonic santa claus
the frogs have a little entanglement
with some 80s version of a cairn with
fangs
and the nook shoves it into the holy
water and dissolves that bit down to the
bone while the frog babies keep
screaming
now flying every which way so they best
hope whatever toilet paper they bought
ain't one ply generic
back downstairs mike's taking a little
nap while sam pierces this bad boy
through the heart
and propels us into the stereo where he
is zapped and cooked until he pops a pot
into little
tiny vampire bites and back upstairs
star jumps out to save that kid she was
just dragging along behind her
and back downstairs david and michael
about to do battle and then
[ __ ] slap call out [ __ ] slap vamp out
you are a killer and then the flying
freaks do a little air tango
and then david almost died and then they
don't and then michael almost dies
and then he don't and then david almost
dies and then it did
oh that [ __ ] in so much pain he's
glowing in the dark
but guess what apparently david ain't
the head honcho either
because michael's still in serious need
of a man to cure some dental work and
some visiting to get that red out
mama lucy and her man max are home so
sam and the frogs try to make sure mama
lucy don't notice all the bloodsucker
bits splattered about
while max seems surprisingly undisturbed
by the side of grandpa's stuffing room
or by the fact that this young man lying
in there with antlers in his chest
deceased
and then boring bad guy monologue
except this one ain't boring my boy's
been misbehaving blah blah blah blah
blah
they need a mama to spank their little
vamp fannies blah blah blah blah blah
and then vamp out freak out make out
and grandpa's chuckle saw something go
and he plows into his own damn house
with some quite important and ominous
looking fence posts that go hurling
through the air
and michael shoves lucy man max into the
direct path of an incoming stake the
size of grandpa's
i'm assuming and they make a big mess
all over grandpa's house
and all half vampires have returned to
normal and they'll have a little kodak
moment except for grandpa who just
shuffles his catatonic into the
refrigerator for a root beer where he
muddles some
like one thing about living in santa
claus i never could stomach
all the damn vampires can
grandpa don't end be sure to like share
and subscribe for your regular bite of
meth
and be sure to head over to my patreon
to keep this channel undead
by the way salmon the frogs that's what
i'm gonna name my band
i'll start a channel with them where
i'll don my spandex
pants tease my permed hair and play that
sexy sex mama's by me for christmas
i wrote that in just to pressure her for
movies explained for
i'm jab all the damn dies
cause i still believe still believe
i don't remember the next line